Git tips addition (#118)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/GitTips.md

   Just make an empty gradle project and start from there.
   Before we do all of that work, you need to understand what a gradle project is.

   An example is like a carpenter. He has all of these tools. These tools make doing the
   job faster, easier, and more efficent. Think of build tools as the same thing but for
   software development.

   Some examples of these build tools are Apache Ant, Apache Maven, but
   the one we will be using or intergrating today is Gradle. Gradle is an-open source build
   automation tool. It is known as the successor for Apache Ant and Maven. To learn more about
   Gradle just click on this link [Gradle UserGuide](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/userguide.html)

   ### Checking if you have Gradle
   I will show you now how to create the Gradle project onto your project.
   On Eclipse and depending on your previous
   tasks you cna have Gradle already installed. So go to File and New. Then go down to Other.

   ### Install Gradle
   You should see a window. In the search bar, you want to search up Gradle.
   That shows you do have gradle installed.
   If not go to Help and then Eclipse Marketplace.

   AddIMAGE

>    EclpiseMarketSpace

Reviewer: ideally this would be stored locally instead of via the assets url, but we'll just do that here since it's the quickest fix for the placeholder

   Then search up gradle in the search bar and download Buildship Gradle 3.0.
   Once installed, you should be able to do the
   have access to Gradle. Then when you import any project such as the
   labs for comp 55, you will have access to creating a Gradle project.

   3. Creating Gradle Project

>    All you have to do now is click on ***File -> New -> Project*** Then in the search bar,
>    you will enter gradle. Click on gradle project. Then enter your project name and click next.
>    No need to change any override any settings and click next. It should start to load in now.
>    All you need to press is finish. A problem that occurs is that the lib file does not appear in
>    the project you created. First go to the lib project that was created and drag ***build.gradle***
>    onto the project you made. After that, what you want to do is go to ***settings.gradle***
>    in the folder name you created and delete the ***include('lib')***.
>    Then you want to save and refresh gradle project. Now you can delete the lib project off disk and
>    you should be good to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   All you have to do now is click on ***File -> New -> Project***
   Then in the search bar, you will enter `gradle`.
   Click on ***Gradle project***.
   Then ***enter your project name*** and click ***Next***.
   No need to override any settings, just click ***Next***.
   The project should start to load in now.
   All you need to press is ***Finish***.
   One problem that occurs is that your project at first appears inside of a lib folder,
   which makes things more complicated.
   We will leave it for now.
   However, what we will want to do is include the acm library in our *build.gradle* file.
   Using the *Project Explorer* pane, copy and paste *acm.jar*
   into your new Gradle Project's folder to the same directory as your *build.gradle* file.
   Now, add this line to the dependencies section of your *build.gradle*:
   `implementation files('acm.jar')`
   That's all that is needed for gradle to know about that file.
   Many of a build tool's benefits occur
   with having a central place to download libraries and versions.
   This allows you to merely specify as a list what you need in *build.gradle*
   and gradle will fetch the right library.
   
   As one final example, if you want to use javaFx (which is needed for the AudioPlayer class).
   You don't need to download any libraries, you merely add this line to the `plugins` section:
   `id 'org.openjfx.javafxplugin' version '0.0.13'`
   
   And then add this other set of options (shown in picture below)
   outside of any section and as its own independent section in *build.gradle*
   ![image](https://github.com/comp129/comp55/assets/239024/05289d85-1639-4993-af08-c523c6ab7521)
   Any time you make changes to your gradle project,
   Just save and ***refresh gradle project***, and wait a little bit and watch libraries
   magically appear!
   Build tools are a modern way to develop large applications
   and are good tool to know about as you code more in the future!
```
